Azure AD Connect wizard careful exit (#1875)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-Exchange: Exchange/ExchangeServer/collaboration/public-folders/migrate-to-exchange-online.md

   3. On the **Connect to Azure AD** screen, enter the appropriate credentials, and then click **Next**. Once connected, keep clicking **Next** until you're on the **Optional Features** screen.

>    4. Make sure that **Exchange Mail Public Folders** is not selected. If it isn't selected, you can go back in the wizard as long as you can so that you don't make any changes, and then continue to the next section, *Prerequisite steps in Exchange Online*. If it is selected, click to clear the check box, and then click **Next**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   4. Make sure that **Exchange Mail Public Folders** is not selected. If it isn't selected, you can go back in the wizard as long as possible to ensure that you don't make any changes, and then continue to the next section, *Prerequisite steps in Exchange Online*. If it is selected, click to clear the check box, and then click **Next**.
```
